
<ol>
<h1><a id="user-content-introduction" class="anchor" aria-hidden="true" href="#introduction"><svg class="octicon octicon-link" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" height="16" aria-hidden="true"><path fill-rule="evenodd" d="M7.775 3.275a.75.75 0 001.06 1.06l1.25-1.25a2 2 0 112.83 2.83l-2.5 2.5a2 2 0 01-2.83 0 .75.75 0 00-1.06 1.06 3.5 3.5 0 004.95 0l2.5-2.5a3.5 3.5 0 00-4.95-4.95l-1.25 1.25zm-4.69 9.64a2 2 0 010-2.83l2.5-2.5a2 2 0 012.83 0 .75.75 0 001.06-1.06 3.5 3.5 0 00-4.95 0l-2.5 2.5a3.5 3.5 0 004.95 4.95l1.25-1.25a.75.75 0 00-1.06-1.06l-1.25 1.25a2 2 0 01-2.83 0z"></path></svg></a>Introduction</h1>
The concept of asynchrony, in computer programming, refers to the occurrence of events independent of the main program flow and how those events are handled. These can be external events such as the occurrence of signals or actions instigated by a program that take place concurrently with program execution without the program blocking to wait for results. Asynchronous input/output is an example of a second cause of asynchrony and allows programs to issue commands to storage or network devices to service these requests while the processor continue executing the program. Doing so provides a degree of parallelism.

In distributed computing, a remote procedure call (RPC) is when a computer program causes a subroutine procedure) to execute in a different address space (usually on a different computer). code as if it were a regular (local) procedure call. , without the programmer explicitly coding the details for remote interaction. This is a type of interaction between the client and the server (the caller is the client, the executor is the server), usually through a request-response messaging system. In the object-oriented programming model, RPC is represented by a remote method call (RMI), but they are often not the same, so local calls can be distinguished from remote calls. Remote calls are typically slower and less reliable commands than local calls, so it's important to distinguish them.

RCP presumably uses HTTP/2 for transport, Protocol Buffers as an interface description language, and provides features such as authentication, bidirectional streaming and flow control, blocking or non-blocking binding, cancel and time out. It creates cross-platform client and server links for multiple languages. Most common use cases include connecting services in a microservices-style architecture or connecting mobile device clients to backend services
</ol>

<ol>
<h1><a id="user-content-platform-overview" class="anchor" aria-hidden="true" href="#basic-concepts"><svg class="octicon octicon-link" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" height="16" aria-hidden="true"><path fill-rule="evenodd" d="M7.775 3.275a.75.75 0 001.06 1.06l1.25-1.25a2 2 0 112.83 2.83l-2.5 2.5a2 2 0 01-2.83 0 .75.75 0 00-1.06 1.06 3.5 3.5 0 004.95 0l2.5-2.5a3.5 3.5 0 00-4.95-4.95l-1.25 1.25zm-4.69 9.64a2 2 0 010-2.83l2.5-2.5a2 2 0 012.83 0 .75.75 0 001.06-1.06 3.5 3.5 0 00-4.95 0l-2.5 2.5a3.5 3.5 0 004.95 4.95l1.25-1.25a.75.75 0 00-1.06-1.06l-1.25 1.25a2 2 0 01-2.83 0z"></path></svg></a>Platform Overview</h1>
DDHA demonstrates a distributed software platform that adopts remote programming techniques and asynchronous event control. Based on the establishment of remote communications, DDHA allows dynamic communication to the host application and the client application. The key point of DDHA is to use event-driven to build communication between function calls in the implemented software platform.
  
A highlight of the DDHA platform is its plug-and-play capability, with the usage of calling external applications, acquiescing other applications to be executed within the software platform, so the application platform Uses are diverse and portable.
</ol>
<ol>
<h1><a id="user-content-publications" class="anchor" aria-hidden="true" href="#publications"><svg class="octicon octicon-link" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" height="16" aria-hidden="true"><path fill-rule="evenodd" d="M7.775 3.275a.75.75 0 001.06 1.06l1.25-1.25a2 2 0 112.83 2.83l-2.5 2.5a2 2 0 01-2.83 0 .75.75 0 00-1.06 1.06 3.5 3.5 0 004.95 0l2.5-2.5a3.5 3.5 0 00-4.95-4.95l-1.25 1.25zm-4.69 9.64a2 2 0 010-2.83l2.5-2.5a2 2 0 012.83 0 .75.75 0 001.06-1.06 3.5 3.5 0 00-4.95 0l-2.5 2.5a3.5 3.5 0 004.95 4.95l1.25-1.25a.75.75 0 00-1.06-1.06l-1.25 1.25a2 2 0 01-2.83 0z"></path></svg></a>Publications</h1>
<ol>
<li>M. Nguyen and C. Noel, “ <a href="https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/5345436" rel="nofollow">SOCIAL-DTN: Why Social Networking Services is more fruitful to Mobile Delay-Tolerant Networks?</a>International Conference on Ultra Modern Telecommunications & Workshops St. Petersburg, Russia, pp 1-2, 2009.</li>
</ol>
